The
Sado River
The Sado River
Listen!
This is my hot dog!
Hot dog!
Piano forte!
Like the wings in the wind
A woman's heart always flies
Stewart's
Spread the wings
Come like 속이
Like the wings in the wind
The storm is coming
The wind is blowing
It doesn't matter
Opira is like a Kabukyeki in our country
Opira is not a temple
It's easy to distinguish this word from Butterfly and Kagefly
And then Kalminne, Tsurmin, Salminne, Surmin
If I may say with this Kagekudai
Opira has been shining since ancient times
Like a bell ringing, like a mirror
Music, oil, and this content
If you mix them together
It's like a thing that you can bring to the table and blow
It's shiny and opira
Let's listen to it
The storm is coming
Opira is over